she's the genius behind some of
Hollywood's best bodies celebrity
nutritionist to the stars Haley Pomeroy
worked with Robert Downey jr. to get him
ready for high demand
JLo - get her in shape for American Idol
as well as Ryan Reynolds prepping for
the Green Lantern just to name a few
here's an exclusive clip of Hayley
Palmer on tea time with Chloe and you
use biofeedback I do now I've always
known biofeedback as something
completely different you know changing
basically anxiety and distress and
responses absol if-- your biofeedback
has nothing to do I did this a few days
ago and it was I mean it's amazing it's
magic yeah so you hold this thing when
it's really cold and strange and you
have to sort of touch your body a little
bit pornographic but mainly try it all
we do we all do it naked and then you
have it all comes up on your screen and
it's like you can test somebody for
gazillions of things and I have
struggled with health issues regret with
regard to my lungs for years that
nobody's been able to diagnose and you
then sat with me and as a detective
would you went through everything and
just found things that I was sensitive
to and what could you know basically
she's a genius
so explain this this biofeedback there's
different method biofeedback absolutely
it's has it's been a course done in my
practice for about 18 years and one of
the things that we do is we use this
type of non cognitive biofeedback to
determine different stress and stress
responses in the body and so all of us
have you know unique stressors it can be
environmental stressors physical
stressors emotional stressors financial
stresses and what what we do is we use
this particular device it's a German
modality - and it integrates German
medicine Western medicine and Eastern
medicine the philosophy the acupuncture
points and things like that to show
different stressors in the body and kind
of create a prioritization that the body
determines the mode of care so it really
helps create kind of a unique very body
specific protocol and it's been a really
very profound cornerstone around
practice
how can people remain healthy absolutely
um I guess the biggest thing that I
would say is to live as clean at a
lifestyle as possible none of us are
deficient in artificial sweeteners none
of us are deficient in caffeine we might
be deficient in calcium or nutrients but
I would say definitely take time every
year to kind of cleanse the body our
company uses of food base cleanse and
it's so important that you don't do
those cleanses that strip the body that
don't put anything in that the body
finally gives up because it's desperate
has nothing and you need to have the
opportunity to nourish and replenish and
rebuild tell us about your book I have a
book coming out in March next year the
galleys or the beginning copies will be
out in September it is a four week
weight loss program most of my clients
lose about 20 pounds on the program but
it's food based it's all about falling
in love with food again it's all about
using food to enhance the metabolism to
get the body to burn fat build healthy
muscle and it's it's kind of like
cross-training for your metabolism okay
so basically in a week period it within
a week your body eats three different
ways so two days of eating like this two
days of eating like that and then three
days of really good healthy fats so
there's no limited food group so that'll
be out in March the major nutrition book
it's an electronic one treatment it is a
hardcore nutrition book about taking the
relationship that people have with food
and making food work for you see Sam
with Chloe dad come